# subscribe_broker
I created a publish/subscribe broker system where there is a server that maintains a set of named channels and a client program that can subscribe to a channel and any messages sent to that channel subsequent to its subscription are then sent to that program. Other client programs are able to post messages to a channel; such messages are then sent on to all subscribers at the time the messages are posted.  This program will echo back the requests it receives from teh echoclient program, validate each received request and set the status byte appropriately if it was a legal request or not, have functionality such as create channel, listchannels, list subscribers, subscribe, publish, unsubscribe, and finally a destroy channel command.  The is only one issue that I am encountering and that is that I have 124 bytes of memory that is being lost.  I used valgrind to find where I was losing memory and it was not in a previous implementation, so I am not sure how to deallocate it.  My best guess is that it is the queue, but I am not sure.  I know that all the malloc calls that I do, allocates 200 bytes of memory, not 124, so again, I'm not sure where it is coming from.  This implementation is not the most efficent because I index into the arrays with ids, I have to search the arrays with big O of n time.  I would have used the more efficient implementation with hash maps, but due to bugs with getline and return string functions, I had to use this implementation with concern to time. 
